---
layout: post
title: Bio
---

This idea came to me when I started learning to paint in high school, empowering me with a solid foundation in art and design aesthetics. After a 4-year-bachelor systematic knowledge of design principles in design methodology, quick sketches, and usability test.I yearned to learn more and something different. So I devote myself to programming learning in my master’s degree. This experience expands my boundaries in digital implementation rather than being an armchair strategist. I’m moldable, but I still keep my creative flare intact.

I love the nervous excitement before working on a campaign, the adrenaline that arises when facing problems I choose to lean in, and I love the powerful team morale when turning pain into a win. My positivity, energy and passion are contagious and I pride myself in getting the best out of people. I am a team player and willing to go above and beyond whilst creating a great environment for everyone else to do so too. I am strategic, creative, award-winning and process-driven when I need to be. I take every opportunity to grow through experience, taking risks, and learning from those around me.

My expertise lies in quick understanding and eliciting requirements from the stakeholders during the initial phase and delivering impactful digital solutions with user-centered design practices, which leverage data-driven insights toward results that meet business and UX goals. When performed well, the customer is immersed in a seamless experience, without realizing all the efforts we put into it. In PayPal, I mainly focused on the intranet site experience regarding employees, IT, HR, Sales, Legal, etc by discussing sprint stories, streamlining flows, outputting mockups, and iterating schemes until every stakeholder and executive leadership was satisfied with the proposals. Also, keeping in touch with engineers closely in the development process is crucial for high product quality and perfect results access to users.

My specialties include quickly learning new skills and business, putting forward mockups and prototyping, problem solving, web accessibility and design patterns. So far I have Figma, Miro, Adobe suite, Principle .etc under my belt. I’m still enthusiastically grabbing onto any other new technology I can integrate into my work.

### Education

#### Sept 2020 - Dec 2021, University of Arts London

- MSc in Creative Computing
- Main objectives: Utilized Python to realize a xxx.

#### Sept 2016 - Jun 2020, Huazhong University of Science and Technology

- B.A. in Product Design
- Main objectives: Utilized Python to realize a xxx.

### Experience

#### 2022 - Present, PayPal Inc

- To B Product Design

#### Jul 2021 - Dec 2021, ByteDance Co., Ltd

- UED - Monetization

### Let's connect

- FOR NETWORKING
- FOR WRITING
- FOR THE BEHIND THE SCENES
- Email Me

*
